#Ch 2 of DOET

This chapter kept making me reflect on how interesting the human brain is and how much it can store and then quickly execute something using that stoerd information. In the beginning few pages, Norman discusses how when we
are starting to learn something, we like to think of it in steps. We're careful, calculating every action and how long it might take to complete before securely moving onto the next action.
Later, when that thing is learned, those steps disappear and become one fluid motion. I agreed with his concept of conceptually mapping a product based on the design and how easy it was to assume we knew what should happen
even if that was incorrect. It reminds me of when I am trying to open the trunk of my Mom's car versus my own. My car is older, it has a latch to pull under the license plate and I pull up to open the trunk, like on most
cars. My Mom's car is more modern and often makes me feel dumb trying to feel for that grip to pull despite there not being one in sight. What has changed was the mechanism, it no longer take effort to lift the trunk, it is
now a button hidden towards the bumper that slowly lifts the trunk open for you and then closes it when pushed again. Regardless of how many times I go to open her trunk, my muscle memory turns on and I start to feel for 
that latch and pull.

I also agreed a lot with his idea that emotions are volatile and can heavily influence the way our bodies and minds react. 
As seen on page 49, Norman compares the importance of having both positive and negative thoughts in order to balance us out. Such as the saying goes, "It is possible to
have too much of a good thing" or "Everything in moderation, including moderation." Both things are true when we look at the value of something like money for instance. As a kid that might have a poorer family where the value
of a dollar is higher and they're tuaght to really consider how to save and what's worth spending it on. Versus someone who comes from a wealthier background where money has never been an issue, they likely have never had to 
compare prices or watch for sales. Both of these peopple might look at each other and feel the same emotions but for different reasons. One might even feel better than the other person because they don't have to ever worry 
about pricetags, alternatively, the other may pity the other person for never learning those life skills and understanding the value of an item. Strong emotions can arise from both scenarios based on cognitions that were 
environtmentally taught. They also balance each other out in terms of the one being carefree can be represented as positive and the more careful one being negative.  
