# Ch 4 part 1 discussion post:

I really liked this break down of the different constraints. It reminded me of sitting in an anthropology class and discussing universal meanings of colors. 
I found it really interesting how Norman said, "The meanings of today may not be the meanings of the future" (page 130). That is wholeheartedly true. The colors of headlights in one place may not be the same in others, as
seen in the lego example on page 129. Semantics, personally, feels like an unspoken rule or boundary much like the concept of giving up one's seat for someone who may need it more than you. Or smiling as you pass someone,
it's not ordained or demanded anywhere, it's just simply polite to do so. In contrast, culteral constraints are a bit heavier, they come with more disappointment if you do the wrong thing. Kissing for example as a greeting. I
experience this with my Portuguese familly. It was weird meeting them for the first time because they had kissed my cheeks without asking and acted like that was the most normal thing. But to me, I was never asked, or even
told that my personal bubble was going to be invaded by phsyical touch that I didn't understand or feel comfortable with considering these people were technically strangers to me.

I also related to the following instances Norman discusses about logical mapping with the lights (page 135) as well as the cabinet bit (page 134). With innovation of standard designs becoming trendy, I think we lose sight of 
the original goal of design, which is for a product to be easy to understand and have accurate feedback. A light switch is tactile, traditionally, the direction of the pointy part of the switch indicates to us logically 
whether the light is on or off. It also is a visual feedback of whether it's on or off. But sometimes, people want to recreate a traditional design and make it minimal, blend in with the aesthetic of a house. but instead end
up confusing the homeowner because the mapping isn't right, the logical representation of the switch is different than they have ever seen a light switch be, and there is no physical feedback to give the homeowner the 
signifier that the light is on or off. I have a light switch that looks like it could be both a button and a sensor. I tried swiping left to right, nothing worked so must not be a sensor. I tried pushing the middle of it, 
nothing. It was in fact a button, but only on the top part of the switch. The clear sensor-looking part was just a dim light to tell me the button had been pushed. Sure, it's flatter, blends in with the walls a bit better
than a pointy switch, but it also should not have taken me that many tries to turn on a light.
