# Chapter 4 part 2

I find it funny when the author spends several pages just venting about something so seemingly trivial like light switches but realistically it's easy to get so annoyed by a bad design and how passionate we can get
when we know how it can be better. Because we *know* when a design is bad, we know *how* something *should* work. So why doesn't everything work as we commonly know it to work? This arises when people try to reinvent the
wheel and it just does not work because we know how something is supposed to look or be used so when the user experience is not friendly or an improvement of the traditional design. Then that's a bad design. For example, 
when Norman was talking about the two design professionals who had such a complaint about an elevator design that they wrote a whole article about it (page 146) and their biggest complaint was that it was different, I agreed 
with their statement. It's difficult to get everyone on board with the new way if it is TOO different. A design can be an improvement and become a new staple if the change is slow, gradual, and garners popularity. 
Otherwise, too drastic a change will be refused by society for being too innovative and cling to the traditional way of doing things. In the situation of the Destination Elevator, it may have been faster to a degree..
But I had the same thought, about what happens if the person changes their mind? What if they mix up what floor they are supposed to be on? Then they would have to go through the whole process again because there is no way
to change the floor once you are in the initial elevator. That feels like a bad design to me. 

When Norman began discussing the importance of feedback, I understood this section a bit easier as I think feedback is better suited to my learning style. I don't trust my affordance and intuition to use discover-ability 
to easily comprehend the hows and whys something should be working. The shower example (Page 151) I heavily related to because showers are always like rocket science especially when it's a hotel shower. I went to anime expo
over the summer and my hotel had a shower that had no icons or decals to show which direction the hot or cold water was. Honestly, I almost took it off the wall after having pulled so hard in either direction because it just
wouldn't move. It finally gave after many of us messing with it, but why only then? Why did it take 3 other people pushing and pulling the shower knob for it to finally work? We were so close to calling the front desk 
to ask how to turn on the shower. Anyway, feedback is very important for situations like this. 
